Updates readme with nubook link (#427)
NUbots/NUbots: README.md

The team is made up of a multidisciplinary team of students and academics. The team develops both hardware and software for the robots.
This codebase is the current state of our development efforts to compete in the competition as well as active research projects within the laboratory.

# NUbots Documentation and Handbook

[NUbook](https://nubook.nubots.net/) is the handbook and high-level documentation for the NUbots team.

> It contains guides for getting started and information for anyone interested in the team or any aspect of it.

Reviewer: Some direct links:

```suggestion
It contains guides for [getting started with development](https://nubook.nubots.net/guides/main/getting-started) and [information about the team](https://nubook.nubots.net/team/introduction) for anyone interested in any aspect of it.
```

> It contains guides for [getting started with development](https://nubook.nubots.net/guides/main/getting-started) and [information about the team](https://nubook.nubots.net/team/introduction) for anyone interested in any aspect of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It contains guides for [getting started with development](https://nubook.nubots.net/guides/main/getting-started) and [information about the team](https://nubook.nubots.net/team/introduction).
```
I didn't like the way it sounded. But feel free to dismiss.

Author: up to you @JosephusPaye

Reviewer: Looks good, was trying to keep the general gist of your original @KipHamiltons.

Author: Appreciate it! I am easy though. I'll commit this suggestion.
